Y
at age 18 I had no idea that
study and I think that like me many
people identify with my story
because when I talk to them I add your
to your story because because at 18
years I think I do not have the tools
to know who are more and much less
what are we going to marry for life
as good as I was playing here
playing there trying a lot of things
I also thought that if you do not have
no idea what to do then try everything
until you find something that you
passionate and I had the luck of
find me a book that by means of
factions we could understand talents and
good has departed this book that
I see it right now I do not understand it
because after he started to put you
this world I do not know at best as the
I appreciate the best bibliography
infinitely because it opens me then the
door to this knowledge and good to
from there we will look for large
teachers I meet someone who
mexico who studied with lilian started
then they also do not tell me how to
I mentioned is the institution at this level
worldwide of this whole issue defender and very
Well I think you never stop
study and never finish learning and
it has already worked with another type
of tools
and well I still love it because
end to see the tool the
main person where I apply it
follow and I think when we understand that
one never ends up transforming into and
to be I think that's where you say that
I want to know more takes the best for the
world but for me then I start
mainly with this tool to
a self-discovery for a car
transformation and good has been
wonderful the way you have found
with this tool just
good facial communication is a great
tool that helps us get to know each other
accept us but above all understand them
because it has many edges and
especially many points of view the
facial communication for example in
us when he sees the factions we can
know who we are who I am because
because each faction is transforming
as a consequence of the emotions that
we experience and then it's going to
take to make a different person
because on the one hand we have the features
to understand the feed on the other side
we have the subject of wrinkles that a lot
people like to call him signs of
aging to me more I would like
evil lines of expression as such
because because they are the marks of a
emotion that we have been marking of
constant way
then the wrinkles for us are going to
be like this map this compass that we
they will be marking the emotional path
that I have to work we have another
path that is the micro expression would be
the knowledge inherited by paul ekman
what he did was give then as
this precision of understanding that all
emotions materialize with
facial movements some of them
very minimal and that will always reflect
then what I'm feeling another
path are the spots the grains and
well just up to the whole
collection that goes on my face like
connection to my organs then in the
social communication also serves me
to diagnose diseases there are
evils of the most specialized knowledge
but could not ethically speaking
do it but then there are people
specialized in defining also
diagnose diseases in understanding a
Also, what is happening at the level
muscle by means of spots then
good is everything a tool that helps
to understand who I am how I am that
I'm feeling and especially that I have
what to do
for job interviews the language
body is one of the areas of
opportunity on the one hand but also for
the other one of the strengths that
they could get to accept the candidates
what happens humans
We react by something called the
Neuro in a mirror then what I do
The moment I see you, it's that
I begin to mirror completely
unconscious your body language and your
reactions then all this issue of the
first impression is based on a
in a reaction of what you are
doing with me then I have a
body language I have an image you
you have one also this reaction is this
interaction that occurs between these two
reactions that we have the two people
as a consequence of what we are
cutting from what we are the first step
the position what happens with the issue of
posture there have been investigations
very interesting where they have measured the
cortisol levels and levels of
testosterone and they verified that the beings
humans when we are in a language
empowerment body in that
felt like more space what we
does is what
reduces this stress hormone which is the
cortisol then when you see a
job interview to start having
good posture because automatically
your brain is going to get married that in that
meaning you are under control that
automatically will make your face
be much more relaxed then
when you get an interview
I work almost always what all the
world comes to do is is put in a
armchair and almost almost instead of being like
more empowered as you close
completely why then why are you
as very nervous and that makes also
the face gets very nervous when you
you start to relax then when
you adopt a much more position
this greater space on your face is also
start this one to relax
it's good the topic of micro expressions is
infinite and above all interviews of
work but that is an interesting item
and very important to know why you can
then complement your answer then
then to the best add information
and you can not detect it if you're not
seeing both of them very careful because the
eye contact especially when it's very
fixed can become very aggressive
from the main advice that I give in
this topic is that they see between the eyebrows the
reason
you're going to decrease a lot more like this
look that generates as much aggression and
good looking at the eyebrows always
and another of the things that also
would invite what they did is they had
his hands on the table hands simpre
to communicate our trust but in
the terms of facial communication
would limit that before entering the
interview will try to maybe indicated
che singing because because the
breathing also what it does is that
reduce your anxiety levels and your
facial muscles are also going to see
much more relaxed then when
you are for example locating what
you do is rather like moving all
this part so that when you enter
know how is attention then
definitely by singing and breathing the
have a position of power above all
is to arrive with the very clear idea that
you are offering a service you are not
asking for a job